procedures: rewrite User Guide: Using a Git provider access token (#2509)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/authenticating-to-a-git-server-from-a-workspace.adoc

In a workspace, you can run Git commands that require user authentication like cloning a remote private Git repository or pushing to a remote public or private Git repository.

> User authentication to a Git server from a workspace is configured by the administrator or in some cases by the individual user:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User authentication to a Git server from a workspace is configured by the administrator or, in some cases, by the individual user:
```

* Your administrator sets up an xref:administration-guide:oauth-for-github-gitlab-or-bitbucket.adoc[OAuth application on GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket] for your organization's {prod} instance.

> * As a workaround, users create and apply their own {kubernetes} Secrets for their personal xref:using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc[Git-provider access tokens].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a workaround, some users create and apply {kubernetes} Secrets as personal xref:using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc[Git-provider access tokens].
```

> * As a workaround, users create and apply their own {kubernetes} Secrets for their personal xref:using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc[Git-provider access tokens].

Author: ```suggestion
* As a workaround, some users create and apply their own {kubernetes} Secrets for their personal xref:using-a-git-provider-access-token.adoc[Git-provider access tokens].
```
